You guys welcome to the course.
So in this first introductory lecture I'm literally going to cover the course over of you talk about
the course format and set some expectations.
So in the first section or going to cover the basics I'm going to talk about what is outsourcing what's
not outsourcing.
What are the things that should be outsourced and things that absolutely should not be.
We're going to get a little bit into depth about how it works what are kind of the intrinsic values
of outsourcing and what are some of the systematic disadvantages of it.
In the second section we're going to cover three big platforms.
We're going to look at Elance up work and freelancer.
We're going to dive pretty deep into each individual one.
I'm going to show you individually how they work what are the comparative benefits of each.
What are the comparative disadvantages of each.
I'm going to show you everything I know about each platform how you can get around certain things in
them how you can get the best outcome for your projects.
We're going to close out the second section by covering alternatives for finding out source firms and
freelancers.
I'm going to show you some things that just with a little bit of know how and how to.
You can also go outside these platforms and find quite a lot of really talented contractors.
So in the third section we're going to take a break and get back into general understanding and theory
now that you're introduced to the platforms and now you know roughly how this works and how you'd go
about doing it.
We're going to cover some basic information and some advanced knowledge that will help you considerably.
We're going to talk about what are the advantages of different countries different zones and what are
the disadvantages.
We're going to talk about the relationship between price and autonomy.
How that affects your project to how you should plan for it.
We're going to talk about things like the Goldilocks syndrome how you can figure out what price is the
right price and they we're to talk about different types of outsourced firms firms freelancers and everything
in between.
That is Section 4 we're gonna jump back in and get some hands on experience with making job postings.
We're going to cover how do you write the best description right the perfect title.
How do you get all of your settings right.
Things that would take years to figure out without guidance.
Then in section 5 I'm going to start going over some common strategies for working with outsource firms.
They're going to cover some less common more unique strategies that we here at Sprint could use all
the time to dramatically increase our efficiency.
We're going to cover techniques like the $50 test hidden screeners rapid cycling.
We're going to get into some strategies that work with wording and some strategies that work with you
taking the initiative and messaging Section 6.
Now that you're pretty good at this we're going to step back again and we're going to get some more
understanding more information about what are the best ways of outsourcing.
We're going to talk about things like specialisations legality is site reputation important for you.
We're going to cover basic tenants for judging your contractors.
We're going to cover a lot of red flags.
You should also be looking for.
We're also going to cover a lot of things that people worry about that you shouldn't worry though.
That is Section 7.
I'm going to show you how you could make the best specifications and the best documentation you can.
Documentation is incredibly important if you want to have a successful project.
The thing that separates the amateurs from the professionals are the people who can make professional
documentation.
We're going to cover creating spec sheets for something I've been doing for over seven years.
I'm going to show you what sections are put in what to leave out.
We're going to drill down on every single section and I'm going to walk you through step by step how
to make an awesome one that gets the outcome you want.
Then after that I'm actually going to teach you how you can use a tool online to create wire frames
and wire frames are going to be the cherry on top with your documentation.
So the end of that section you'll know how to make amazing spec sheets for really any project any scenario.
You're also going to know how to wireframe which is amazing skill if you ever want to go into you X
or if you just want to be a professional and be able to communicate your project idea affectively then
in Section 8 I'm going to give you everything I know about how you pick the right contract.
We're going to some tricky techniques to figure out who's telling the truth who's not figuring out who's
high caliber and who's low caliber.
We're going to cover every single aspect of it we're going to talk about response rate we're going to
talk about bedrail.
We're going to look for things like price inflation and how you can sniff that out.
I'm going to take you through the entire time and walk you through what mentality you should have.
What should you be looking for and what should you actually be ignoring that in the next election we're
going to cover some basic free online project management tools that will dramatically help you run your
outsource project.
First we're going to start with asana going to show you how you can use a saw to get acquainted with
it how you can customize it for your outsourcing project.
After that is a very new and very popular tool called Trello and I get to show you how you can use that
to encompass actually a whole lot more than we're going to cover.
Google Drive and Google Docs are going to do a crash course really quickly and how you can find some
really cool functionalities in Google Drive that can help you manage your outsource project.
The next section we're going to cover bug hunting.
I'm going to show you what you should be looking for how you should manage this process and what tools
you can use to aid yourself in this process.
Then the last section we're going to wrap this up by covering what are very common scenarios that happened
to you during your outsource project and how to handle them like a professional.
We're going to cover all the big ones all the ones you've always heard about freelancers raising their
rates disappearing diminishing response rates low quality work missing deadlines to cover every single
thing that could happen.
So you're 100 percent covered and that's it.
That's the whirlwind tour.
At the very end of this you will know an enormous amount about outsourcing project management and how
to work with distributed teams.
So let's talk a little bit about the course format so you know what you expect the course for that is
divided into three different types.
So we have talking head videos I'm talking to you like this.
This is where I want to cover things like theory things like General best practices that are going to
have screencast we're going to be literally looking over my shoulder as I go out there and do exactly
what I'm telling you to do.
And I want to narrate the entire time what you should know what you should be thinking how you can go
about this in a professional way.
Then the last thing is when we actually have hands on out there working on individual projects at the
very end we'll be adding a section where I show you a real outsource project a real project here at
Sprint.
We're spending money on.
And you could see the trials and tribulations what we do right.
What we do wrong and you can watch us do it.
So that pretty much sums it up guys.
If you have any questions anything at all even if it's not even related posted in the group discussion
I'll get to you or you can send me a private message if you don't want to post it publicly.
Otherwise feel free to reach out to me.
Seriously I'm here 24/7.
I'm going to answer any questions you have.
OK.
I hope you're excited because I'm excited.
So let's start the course.